Letterboxd Profile Analysis

Overview
This project consists of an interactive Excel dashboard designed to visualize and analyze the key aspects of movie-watching history! It also includes insights into movies that I want to watch. There are various metrics such as genre preferences, trends over time, and rating distributions. Through the use of pivot tables, a variety of graphs, and slicers, I was able to dig deeper into my Letterboxd movie analytics.
Goal: To dive deep into my movie-watching habits. What movies do I like? What genres do I prefer? Has my taste changed over time?

Description: This project focuses on analyzing two different sets of data. The first set is a list of movies I’ve watched. It includes the date I watched the movie, the movie title, the year it was released, the letterboxd link, the rating I gave it, and the genre of the movie.

Skills: Data analysis, data cleaning, data visualization, data mining.

Technology: Microsoft Excel, Google Colab, Python, Pivot tables, Vlookup
Sheets included: There is a watched sheet that includes the data for the movies I’ve seen. There is a watchlist sheet that includes the data for the movies I want to watch. Each of these sheets has a decade and genre sheet with pivot tables in each to figure out the relationships between different variables. There is a most viewed genres sheet that displays the list of genres from lowest to highest in terms of how much they appear on my watched list. Finally, there is a profile stats sheet that was used to generate some statistics about my Letterboxd account. Formulas to get data include COUNTA and AVERAGE.

Getting Started
1. Download the Excel file titled “Letterboxd Profile Analysis”
2. Open the file through Microsoft Excel and access it via Excel.
3. Use the slicers to filter data by genre, year, rating, or viewing date and analyze the pivot tables.


Created by Maaz Ansari (https://www.linkedin.com/in/maazans14/) - feel free to reach out if you have any questions! Thank you for reading.


